So we saw that using the plugins is a lot of fun,
now there is a special case and that is related to css. You might remember that for creating this
project, I didn't check the css preprocessor option, therefore my project here doesn't have sass enabled and
this of course means that if I decide to write some sass code here, let's say in the home component which
now uses vuetify here,
I got my small style there and let's say I want to change that style and I want to change it by using some
sass features
so I actually want to select it like this,
I add my footer because that is where I have to that small element and I'll be targeting this here by
the way, this name of the author of this quote. So I can select the footer element and then I want to
create my curly braces and in there, I want to style small and this is not valid css syntax, in
scss, we can use that though
and it basically is then converted to this css syntax but the cool thing about scss is that you
could argue that this syntax is a bit easier to understand.
So I want to target small here and give it a red color,
and as I said this is not valid css syntax, so I have to switch to scss and for that I can go to my
style tag and add the lang element here and rename this or add the scss option.
Now this is not marked as an error anymore but I get an error and that error is of course that it failed
to compile because it didn't find a loader,
basically a compiler for sass. And indeed we just have to install it
and this is one thing which is not managed through a cli
plugin,
that's why it's a special case,
instead you can just run npm install --save and then it's sass loader and you need one other package
which isn't mentioned here,
node-sass. With that you hit enter and now this will install that through the normal npm installation
path,
so no cli magic is used here and this will make sure that this cli project here can compile
your code because the cool thing is it has a set up where it will basically check for the existence
of sass loader and node-sass
and if it does exist, it will compile your code from sass to css and otherwise it won't,
so it has this auto-detection we could say.
And now with that, if I bring up my development server again, we should see a red author name because
of my scss code which is now compiled
and indeed if I reload, it's red.
So this is working and this is just a special case I wanted to bring to your attention, if you want to
switch from the css to scss for an existing project,
you don't have to create a new one,
you can do that simply by installing these two packages. And you can by the way also use other css
preprocessors, checkout the official cli docs,
there you'll find instructions on how to use a stylus or less if you want to use that.